README.md, before:

Reactjs Component for International Telephone Input
===================================================

*IMP*: From 3.*, the styles won't be included by default. Can use `require('react-telephone-input/lib/withStyles')` to get the styles.

Inspired from the awesome jquery plugin for <a href="https://github.com/Bluefieldscom/intl-tel-input" target="_blank">International Telephone Input</a>.

This one is written as a [reactjs](http://facebook.github.io/react/) component.

Live Demo here - [http://unstack.in/react-telephone-input/](http://unstack.in/react-telephone-input/)

![How it looks](/images/react-telephone-number-screenshot.png?raw=true "How it looks")

```js
function handleInputChange(telNumber, selectedCountry) {
    console.log('input changed. number: ', telNumber, 'selected country: ', selectedCountry);
}

// Use declaratively within another react components render method
var ReactTelInput = require('react-telephone-input');
// var ReactTelInput = require('react-telephone-input/lib/withStyles'), if you need the styles

<MyAwesomeReactComponent>
  <ReactTelInput
        defaultCountry="in"
        flagsImagePath='/path/to/images/flags.png'
        onChange={handleInputChange}
        onBlur={handleInputBlur}
        />
</MyAwesomeReactComponent>

// or render standalone
var ReactTelInput = require('react-telephone-input');
React.render(<ReactTelInput
                defaultCountry="in"
                flagsImagePath='/path/to/images/flags.png'
                onChange={handleInputChange}/>
                onBlur={handleInputBlur}
                document.getElementById('my-container'));
```

The component accepts other props to customize it -

#### value and initialValue
Both the props have the same purpose - for setting the initial value of the input programatically.

#### initialValue
See `value` above.

#### autoFormat
`true` by default. Setting it to false will turn off all auto formatting.

#### defaultCountry
The component selects the country code of a country by default. You can change it by passing the iso2 name of a country. E.g. for United States, set `defaultCountry` to 'us'.

#### onlyCountries
If you don't want all countries to be shown in the dropdown list, you can pass an array of country iso2 names to be shown in the dropdown list.

#### preferredCountries
Preferred countries show up in the top of the list. This prop also accepts an array of country iso2 names.

E.g.
```
<ReactTelephoneInput
  preferredCountries={['in', 'us', 'uk']}
  />
```
#### classNames
You can send in additional classes to be applied to the top container div of the component.

#### onChange
Function, which is called whenever there is a change of value in the input box.

#### onEnterKeyPress
Function, which is called when user presses the 'enter' key when the input box is in focus.

#### onBlur
Function, which is called when the focus goes away from the input box.

#### onFocus
Function, which is called when the input box gets the focus.

#### disabled
Boolean value. When set to true, the input box is disabled and clicking on flag dropdown does nothing.

#### pattern
String. This is passed on to the input field and works like it should for any other input field.


## How to use it
- If you install it from `npm install`, you can just do `var ReactTelephoneInput = require('react-telephone-input');`
- You will need to copy flags.png from example/src folder to see the flag icons for each country.
- Set the path to the flags image using the prop `flagsImagePath`
```js
function handleInputChange(telNumber, selectedCountry) {
	console.log('input changed. number: ', telNumber, 'selected country: ', selectedCountry);
}

function handleInputBlur(telNumber, selectedCountry) {
  console.log('Focus off the ReactTelephoneInput component. Tel number entered is: ', telNumber, ' selected country is: ', selectedCountry);
}

<ReactTelephoneInput
        defaultCountry='in'
        flagsImagePath='/path/to/images/flags.png'
        onChange={handleInputChange}
        onBlur={handleInputBlur}
        />
```
The default value for `flagsImagePath` is 'flags.png'


## Features
* Automatically format the number as the user types
* Navigate the country dropdown by typing a country's name, or using up/down keys
* Selecting a country from the dropdown will update the dial code in the input
* Typing a different dial code will automatically update the displayed flag
* Country names in the dropdown also include localised versions in brackets
* Dropdown appears above or below the input depending on available space/scroll position

You can try the app by downloading everything and running the commands given below -

```
$ npm install
$ npm start

go to your browser and type `http://localhost:3000`
```

Commit message:

added a new prop named inputProps to set input element properties

README.md, after:

Reactjs Component for International Telephone Input
===================================================

*IMP*: From 3.*, the styles won't be included by default. Can use `require('react-telephone-input/lib/withStyles')` to get the styles.

Inspired from the awesome jquery plugin for <a href="https://github.com/Bluefieldscom/intl-tel-input" target="_blank">International Telephone Input</a>.

This one is written as a [reactjs](http://facebook.github.io/react/) component.

Live Demo here - [http://unstack.in/react-telephone-input/](http://unstack.in/react-telephone-input/)

![How it looks](/images/react-telephone-number-screenshot.png?raw=true "How it looks")

```js
function handleInputChange(telNumber, selectedCountry) {
    console.log('input changed. number: ', telNumber, 'selected country: ', selectedCountry);
}

// Use declaratively within another react components render method
var ReactTelInput = require('react-telephone-input');
// var ReactTelInput = require('react-telephone-input/lib/withStyles'), if you need the styles

<MyAwesomeReactComponent>
  <ReactTelInput
        defaultCountry="in"
        flagsImagePath='/path/to/images/flags.png'
        onChange={handleInputChange}
        onBlur={handleInputBlur}
        />
</MyAwesomeReactComponent>

// or render standalone
var ReactTelInput = require('react-telephone-input');
React.render(<ReactTelInput
                defaultCountry="in"
                flagsImagePath='/path/to/images/flags.png'
                onChange={handleInputChange}/>
                onBlur={handleInputBlur}
                document.getElementById('my-container'));
```

The component accepts other props to customize it -

#### value and initialValue
Both the props have the same purpose - for setting the initial value of the input programatically.

#### initialValue
See `value` above.

#### autoFormat
`true` by default. Setting it to false will turn off all auto formatting.

#### defaultCountry
The component selects the country code of a country by default. You can change it by passing the iso2 name of a country. E.g. for United States, set `defaultCountry` to 'us'.

#### onlyCountries
If you don't want all countries to be shown in the dropdown list, you can pass an array of country iso2 names to be shown in the dropdown list.

#### preferredCountries
Preferred countries show up in the top of the list. This prop also accepts an array of country iso2 names.

E.g.
```
<ReactTelephoneInput
  preferredCountries={['in', 'us', 'uk']}
  />
```
#### classNames
You can send in additional classes to be applied to the top container div of the component.

#### onChange
Function, which is called whenever there is a change of value in the input box.

#### onEnterKeyPress
Function, which is called when user presses the 'enter' key when the input box is in focus.

#### onBlur
Function, which is called when the focus goes away from the input box.

#### onFocus
Function, which is called when the input box gets the focus.

#### disabled
Boolean value. When set to true, the input box is disabled and clicking on flag dropdown does nothing.

#### pattern
String. This is passed on to the input field and works like it should for any other input field.

#### inputProps
Object. If you want to set some property on the input element, you can pass in an object with the attribute. E.g.
```javascript
let inputProps={
    readOnly: true
}

<ReactTelephoneInput inputProps={inputProps} ... />
```


## How to use it
- If you install it from `npm install`, you can just do `var ReactTelephoneInput = require('react-telephone-input');`
- You will need to copy flags.png from example/src folder to see the flag icons for each country.
- Set the path to the flags image using the prop `flagsImagePath`
```js
function handleInputChange(telNumber, selectedCountry) {
	console.log('input changed. number: ', telNumber, 'selected country: ', selectedCountry);
}

function handleInputBlur(telNumber, selectedCountry) {
  console.log('Focus off the ReactTelephoneInput component. Tel number entered is: ', telNumber, ' selected country is: ', selectedCountry);
}

<ReactTelephoneInput
        defaultCountry='in'
        flagsImagePath='/path/to/images/flags.png'
        onChange={handleInputChange}
        onBlur={handleInputBlur}
        />
```
The default value for `flagsImagePath` is 'flags.png'


## Features
* Automatically format the number as the user types
* Navigate the country dropdown by typing a country's name, or using up/down keys
* Selecting a country from the dropdown will update the dial code in the input
* Typing a different dial code will automatically update the displayed flag
* Country names in the dropdown also include localised versions in brackets
* Dropdown appears above or below the input depending on available space/scroll position

You can try the app by downloading everything and running the commands given below -

```
$ npm install
$ npm start

go to your browser and type `http://localhost:3000`
```
